Upgrade to terraform 0.12.x (#3)
plus3it/terraform-aws-tardigrade-guardduty: _docs/MAIN.md

# terraform-aws-tardigrade-guardduty

Terraform module to create a GuardDuty Detector in a child account and link it
to a pre-existing detector in the parent account

## Testing

You can find example implementations of this module in the tests folder. This module
requires 2 different AWS accounts to test and so the terraform aws provider definitions
are assuming that you will be using a profile with the name `resource-owner` and `resource-member`.

> Note: the implementation `tests/create_guardduty_member` will require you to fill in the variables

Reviewer: nit 
```suggestion
Note: the implementation `tests/create_guardduty_member` will require you to provide the variables
```

Author: Fixed

Reviewer 2: `make docs/generate`?
